Fix the plugin guidelines URL (#42)
goatcorp/dalamud-docs: docs/plugin-development/restrictions.md

## How are plugins reviewed and approved?

> [This page documents our plugin submission process](https://dalamud.dev/plugin-development/plugin-submission), and the

Reviewer: This is happening because we're doing things wrong. Docusaurus is supposed to [intelligently format links](https://docusaurus.io/docs/markdown-features/links) written properly, which require the `.md`. 

Done right, this also means we can navigate appropriately in other Markdown-compliant editors or viewers.

```suggestion
[This page documents our plugin submission process](./plugin-submission.md), and the
```

  to the community that uses Dalamud.

If you have a problem with a plugin on the official repository, we recommend

> reading [our plugin submission guidelines](https://dalamud.dev/plugin-development/plugin-submission) to get some

Reviewer: ```suggestion
reading [our plugin submission guidelines](./plugin-submission.md) to get some
```

There are various reasons for why a plugin might not be on the official repo.

> - It doesn't conform to our [rules and guidelines](https://dalamud.dev/plugin-development/plugin-submission).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It doesn't conform to our [rules and guidelines](./plugin-submission.md).
```
